# https_kfoxtv.com_news_entertainment_the-15-biggest-pop-culture-moments-of-the-year

**Source:** dc_corpus/raw/html/https_kfoxtv.com_news_entertainment_the-15-biggest-pop-culture-moments-of-the-year.html

---

The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year!
Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025.
Katy Perry, Gayle King, and Lauren Bezos Visit Space
Katy Perry, Gayle King, and Lauren Sanchez Bezos were launched into space in April, part of the first all-female flight crew for Blue Origin. Activist Amanda Nguyen, NASA rocket scientist Aisha Bowe and film producer Kerianne Flynn completed the six-person crew, which spent about 10 minutes 60 miles above the earth in zero gravity.
Sean “Diddy” Combs Goes to Jail
Over a year and a half after the FBI first raided his home in March 2024, Sean “Diddy” Combs was sentenced to four years in prison on October 3, 2025, after being found guilty on two counts of transportation to engage in prostitution in July. The sentence came after a lengthy trial and amid continued speculation about possible other crimes, though he was only convicted on the two charges.
Coldplay Kiss Cam Scandal
It started with a seemingly innocent cuddle that was caught on the Jumbotron during a Coldplay concert in July until the couple, Andy Byron and Kristin Cabot, realized they were on camera. They quickly separated and tried to hide from view, prompting Coldplay lead singer Chris Martin to jokingly ask if they were having an affair. Media chaos ensued, and by the time the dust settled, both Byron and Cabot were out at their jobs, though they’ve denied any actual affair, with Cabot recently calling it a “bad decision.”
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce Get Engaged
It feels “So High School,” but we can’t help but be a little giddy that Taylor Swift, the mastermind behind many a breakup anthem, and Travis Kelce, the goofy, good-hearted Kansas City Chiefs tight end are going to walk down the aisle! As Taylor wrote in the caption for their stunning engagement pics, “Your English teacher and your gym teacher are getting married.”
Kendrick Lamar/Drake Beef
It’s one thing to go back and forth with a rival rapper in song; it’s quite another to bring that beef to the Super Bowl, one of the biggest stages in the world. But Kendrick Lamar did just that in February, effectively putting the final nail in the coffin of their longstanding feud. When you get millions of people singing along to lyrics with some serious allegations, where do you go from there?
Sydney Sweeney Jeans Ad
Who knew a simple advertisement about a pair of jeans could cause such a stir? Well, Brooke Shields probably, but Sydney Sweeney learned that lesson this year with her American Eagle jeans ad. The wordplay on Sweeney having “good genes/jeans” prompted polarized responses that came from everyone, including the White House. Sweeney tried to stay quiet amid the storm, but later opened up that it didn’t quite work, telling People, "In the past my stance has been to never respond to negative or positive press but recently I have come to realize that my silence regarding this issue has only widened the divide, not closed it.”
KPop Demon Hunters Takes Over
If you don’t know the words to “Golden” from “KPop Demon Hunters” by now, we can’t help you. The Netflix animated feature was THE movie of the summer (and possibly the year), with infectious ear worm songs, a fun visual style, and a charming story that blended supernatural, action, comedy, and musical elements perfectly. The soundtrack earned five Grammy nominations, and the film earned two Golden Globes nominations. Place your bets now for some kind of Oscar nomination in the new year.
The Year of the Mormon Wives
The Mormon Wives have transcended their TikTok origins this year with a full pop culture take over. The third season of the reality show was a hit (and introduced us to new drama somehow related to Fruity Pebbles cereal), while several stars moved on to mainstream projects. Whitney Leavitt and Jen Affleck both competed on “Dancing with the Stars,” with Whitney landing a role in “Chicago” on Broadway and her first movie gig as well after her elimination, while their co-star Taylor Frankie Paul was named the next “Bachelorette,” a major shakeup for the dating reality series.
Cowboy Carter
Going country paid off big time for Beyoncé this year. Her 2024 album, “Cowboy Carter,” which featured the hit single “Texas Hold ‘Em,” took home a Grammy for Best Country Album and Album of the Year at this year’s Grammy ceremony, marking some major historical milestones. Beyonce is the first Black artist in 50 years to win in the country categories and the first Black woman EVER to win Best Country Album, as well as the first Black woman in 25 years to win Album of the Year, not to mention her first time EVER winning that highly coveted award. She took the album on the road with a stunning tour that became the highest-grossing country tour of all time. What genre will Queen Bey conquer in 2026?
Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban's Divorce
This is one we truly never saw coming. We thought Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban were in it for the long haul. Kidman was the one who filed for divorce in September, after 19 years together, and sources at the time said they were already living separately since the beginning of the summer. Reports from TMZ claimed Urban had already moved on with another woman, but neither party has spoken publicly about their breakup.
'Dancing with the Stars' Has Its Best Season in Years
Something about Season 34 of “Dancing with the Stars” hit different. Maybe it’s that the season coincided with the show’s 20th birthday and production brought out all the stops with theme nights dedicated to “Wicked,” The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and Prince. Maybe it was the line up, with “Mormon Wives” stars Whitney Leavitt and Jen Affleck, the incredible charming Robert Irwin, and the breakout social media star Andy Richter. Maybe it was the full-on embrace of TikTok by the pros and celebs alike that connected with audiences. It was probably all of those things, because the finale, which saw Irwin take home the Mirrorball trophy, earned the show’s highest ratings since 2016.
Hollywood Tragedies
2025 was bookended by the losses of two Hollywood icons through shocking means. Gene Hackman and his wife, Betsy Arakawa, were both found dead in their home in February. It was later determined that Arakawa had contracted hantavirus and died, while Hackman struggled to survive on his own due to advanced Alzheimer’s and other health conditions, dying less than a week later.
And in December, Rob Reiner and his wife Michele were found dead in their home by homicide, allegedly perpetrated by their son, Nick Reiner. It was a sad start and end to the year for Hollywood, coupled with other losses throughout the year (see our full gallery of stars we lost here).
Jelly Roll’s Makeover
Jelly Roll still has distinctive face tattoos, but the singer has revamped his look over the past year, ditching the beard and dropping an incredible 200 pounds. Speaking on “The Joe Rogan Experience,” the now 41-year-old revealed he decided to make healthy changes to lose weight on his 39th birthday. "I thought about it around my birthday ‘cause I knew my next one was 40. You know what, I don't think I've ever met a 500-pound 40-year-old,” he said, adding he “could feel myself dying.” Congratulations Jelly Roll on your hard work, and cheers to a healthy new year!
The 'Wicked' Tour Part 2
It was one short year between “Wicked: Part One” and “Wicked: For Good,” and we got another fashionable, funny, and memorable press tour leading up to the film’s release. There was Michelle Yeoh pointing out the MM for Madame Morrible upside down meant Wicked Witch, Cynthia Erivo protecting Ariana Grande from a red carpet crasher, and Jonathan Bailey being named Sexiest Man Alive, to name a few. What are we going to do next year with nothing “Wicked” on the horizon?!
'Stranger Things' Finale
We won’t post any spoilers here juuuust in case you haven’t caught up with the show before its finale tonight on New Year’s Eve, but the end of “Stranger Things” is truly the end of an era. It’s been five seasons and almost 10 years since the 80s throwback series debuted, giving us memorable moments and monsters, not to mention memes, Halloween costumes, and a renewed understanding of Dungeons and Dragons.
Follow us @tnndentertainement on Instagram.