# https_spectrumlocalnews.com_tx_austin_about-us_terms-of-use

**Source:** dc_corpus/raw/html/https_spectrumlocalnews.com_tx_austin_about-us_terms-of-use.html

---

This website is a service of Charter Communications, Inc. and/or its respective subsidiaries providing the service (“Spectrum”). Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using this website. By accessing this website in any manner (whether automated or otherwise), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and any additional terms and conditions that are referenced below, and any additional terms and conditions that otherwise may apply to specific areas of this site.
You represent that you are legally able to accept these Terms of Use, and affirm that you are either of legal age to form a binding contract, or have obtained parental or guardian consent to do so. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use this site.
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use at any time. Such changes will be effective when posted. By continuing to use the site after we post any such changes, you accept the Terms of Use as modified.
Rules of Conduct
There are a few rules of conduct that you are required and hereby agree to follow when you use this website:
You also must comply with all applicable laws and contractual obligations when you use this site.
Ownership of Site Content and Submissions
We or our licensors or partners own the intellectual property rights in the content and materials displayed on this website. You may use this site (including such content and materials) for your own personal, non-commercial use, but you may not use it for commercial purposes. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from this site unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use or by the owner of the materials. You may, however, from time to time, download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the site for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.
If you submit or post any materials or content to this site, you grant us and our affiliates a royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferrable, assignable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to use such materials and content, including alterations thereof, for our business purposes, in any form, in any media, and via any technology we choose, whether it exists now or is created in the future. You represent that any materials and content posted or otherwise submitted by you to the site is original to you and that you have the right to grant us these rights.
To avoid any disputes between us relating to ideas that you have submitted to us you agree that, if you send us your ideas, you are giving us the right to use them, and you waive and release us from claims that we have used your ideas without your permission.
Responsibility for Public Postings
This site may include features that allow users to post content and materials to public posting areas of the site. Responsibility for what is posted in public areas of our website lies with each user – you alone are responsible for the material you post or otherwise make available in public areas of our site. You alone are responsible for assessing the credibility of other user postings. We do not control the material that you or others may post or otherwise make available in such areas, and you understand that we have no obligation to monitor any such material or to edit or delete it. However, we reserve the right to do so. We are not a publisher of user posts, and we are not responsible for their accuracy or legality.
Site Registration and Log In
To access certain features of this site, you may be required to provide personal and/or demographic information as part of a site registration or log-in process, or to submit feedback or content via the site. In addition, certain features of our site are only available to Spectrum customers, and to access those areas of the site you will be required to log in using your Spectrum ID username and password.
You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the applicable registration, log-in form or submission form, and you are responsible for keeping such information up-to-date (this includes your contact information, so that we can reliably contact you). The information you submit must describe you (you may not impersonate another person or entity), and you may not sell, share or otherwise transfer your account information.
You are responsible for all activity occurring when this site is accessed through your account, whether authorized by you or not. We are not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your username or password. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your username or password or any other breach of security related to your account, your username or this website.
Electronic Communications
The communications between you and us via this site use electronic means, whether you visit this site or send us an email, or whether we post notices on this site or communicate with you via email. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us in an electronic form, and you agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if they were in writing. The foregoing does not affect your non-waivable rights.
Copyright Infringement Notices
If you are a copyright owner who believes in good faith that your copyrighted material has been reproduced, posted or distributed on this site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please inform our designated copyright agent by sending written notice by U.S. Mail to Attn: DMCA Agent, Charter Communications, 6399 South Fiddler’s Green Circle, Suite 600, Greenwood, CO 80111 or by email to DMCAComplaint@charter.com. Please include the following information in your written notice: (1) a detailed description of the copyrighted work that is allegedly infringed upon; (2) a description of the location of the allegedly infringing material on the site; (3) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and, if available, email address; (4) a statement by you indicating that you have a good-faith belief that the allegedly infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, affirming that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf; and (6) an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or someone authorized on the owner’s behalf to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement. Please note that the contact information provided in this paragraph is for suspected copyright infringement only. Contact information for other matters is provided elsewhere in these Terms of Use or on the site.
Changes to This Site
We may, at any time and without notice, (i) modify, suspend or discontinue (temporarily or permanently) all or part of this website or the content in it; (ii) charge, modify or waive fees required to use this website; or (iii) offer special opportunities to some or all users of this site, subject to applicable law. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance. Any description of how this website (or the services offered via this site) works should not be considered a representation or obligation with respect to how the site will always work.
Suspension or Termination of Access
We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit, modify or otherwise manipulate any content on the site in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason and (ii) to remove or block any content from the site. Additionally, we have the right to deny access to, and to suspend or terminate your access to, the site, or to any features or portions of the site, and to remove and discard any content or materials you have submitted to the site, at any time and for any reason, including for any violation by you of these Terms of Use. In addition, we have a policy of terminating the site usage privileges of users who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights. In the event your access to and/or use of this site is suspended or terminated, you will continue to be bound by the Terms of Use that were in effect as of the date of such suspension or termination. We reserve the right to take any steps that we believe are necessary or appropriate to enforce and/or verify your compliance with these Terms of Use.
Linking Policies
This site may contain links to other websites or to third party sellers of products and services. Such links are provided for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk. We are not responsible for, and do not endorse, the content of any such sites, or the products and services sold on them, nor do we take responsibility for the accuracy of any such sites. When you visit a linked site you should read the terms of use and privacy policy that govern that particular linked site.
We welcome links to this site so long as: (i) this site opens in a new browser window which displays the full version of a page of this site (e.g., not merely one of its frames, and not an “in-line” link to a particular image or object on this site), (ii) the link to this site does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your website or service by us or by this site; and (ii) this site is not display framed within or obfuscated by other content. You may not use on your site any trademarks, service marks or copyrighted materials appearing on this site, including but not limited to any logos, without our express written consent. We reserve the right to revoke your right to link to this site upon notice. If you receive such a notice from us, you agree to discontinue your link to the site.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliates, respective directors, officers, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from your use of this site, your submissions to this site, or any violation of these Terms of Use, or applicable law, by you or by someone accessing the site via your account. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, in which event you agree to cooperate with us in defending such claims. This indemnification, defense and hold harmless obligation will survive these Terms of Use and the termination of your use of this site.
Jurisdictional Issues
We control and operate this website from our facilities in the United States of America, and the materials displayed on this website are presented solely for use within the United States, its territories, possessions, and protectorates.
Applicable Law; No Waiver; Severability
These Terms of Use, and the relationship between you and us, will be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of New York, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you and we nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these terms and conditions will remain in full force and effect.
Arbitration
You agree to arbitrate any disputes or claims arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or your use of the website. No claim subject to arbitration under these Terms of Use may be combined with a claim subject to resolution before a court of law. The arbitration shall be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), and the arbitration shall be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and fee information are available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. EACH PARTY SHALL BEAR THE COST OF ANY ARBITRATION FILING FEES AND ARBITRATOR’S FEES THAT SUCH PARTY INCURS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ATTORNEYS FEES UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED FOR ENTERTAINMENT AND PROMOTIONAL PURPOSES. WE PROVIDE THIS SITE ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT). THIS MEANS THAT WE MAKE NO PROMISES THAT:
WE LIKEWISE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ORDERED OR PROVIDED VIA THIS SITE. ANY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ORDERED OR PROVIDED VIA THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT, IF AT ALL, OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN A SEPARATE AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BETWEEN YOU AND US OR BETWEEN YOU AND A THIRD PARTY.
IF YOU PURCHASE A PRODUCT OR SERVICE FROM A THIRD PARTY AFTER FOLLOWING AN AD OR LINK ON OUR SITE, THE TERMS OF SALE FOR YOUR PURCHASE ARE BETWEEN YOU AND THE THIRD PARTY FROM WHOM YOU MADE THE PURCHASE. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OR FOR DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND THEIR SELLERS.
YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. ALTHOUGH WE TRY TO ENSURE THAT THE INFORMATION POSTED ON THIS SITE IS ACCURATE AND UP-TO-DATE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE OR MAKE CORRECTIONS TO ANY OF THE INFORMATION (INCLUDING PRICING) AT ANY TIME. WE CANNOT, AND DO NOT, GUARANTEE THE CORRECTNESS, TIMELINESS, PRECISION, THOROUGHNESS OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE, NOR WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INACCURACY OR OMISSION CONCERNING ANY OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS SITE. NO ADVICE, RESULTS OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. WE HEREBY DISCLAIM, AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS MADE IN PRODUCT OR SERVICES LITERATURE, FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS DOCUMENTS, SUPPORT DOCUMENTATION, BY OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SUPPORT AGENTS, AND OTHERWISE ON THE SITE OR IN CORRESPONDENCE WITH US OR OUR AGENTS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT OR MATERIALS POSTED TO OUR SITE BY USERS, NOR FOR DISPUTES BETWEEN USERS, OR BETWEEN USERS AND THIRD PARTIES.
We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce this Agreement, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users and the public.
THESE DISCLAIMERS APPLY TO CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS OPERATING, LLC AND ITS AFFILIATED AND RELATED COMPANIES AS WELL AS THIRD PARTIES THAT ARE INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SITE, AND ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS.
Limitations of Liability
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THIS SITE, OR ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES ON THIS SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THE SITE’S TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF OUR OR THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES) ARISING FROM, OR DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RELATED TO, THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE (OR THE CONTENT, MATERIALS AND FUNCTIONS PROVIDED AS PART OF THIS SITE), WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR STRICT LIABILITY, EVEN IF WE KNEW, SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OR HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU AGREE THAT OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR AFFILIATES, AND OF ANY OF OUR OR THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS SITE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE ACTUALLY PAID TO US, IF ANY, FOR USE OF THE SITE, OR, IF APPLICABLE, FOR USE OF THE SPECIFIC SITE FEATURE OR SERVICE FROM WHICH THE CLAIM IN QUESTION FIRST AROSE.
BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR AFFILIATES, AND OUR AND THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.)
Other
These Terms of Use, together with our Privacy Policy and any additional terms and conditions that are referenced herein or otherwise may apply to specific areas of this site, constitute the entire agreement between us and you with respect to this website. This agreement is personal to you and, except with our consent, you may not transfer or assign to any other person (in other words, make another person legally responsible for) the rights granted by, or your obligation to comply with, these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use are not intended to benefit any third party, and do not create any third party beneficiaries. Accordingly, these Terms of Use may only be invoked or enforced by you or us.
YOU AGREE THAT, REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, you waive (in other words, give up) the right to commence any proceeding against us if the relevant events occurred more than one year earlier. This waiver is not enforceable, and the normal statute of limitations in your area will apply, if you notified us in writing of the events giving rise to the proceeding within one year of their occurrence.
Last Updated: 5/28/19